<h1 align = "center"> FedEx - Packaging Optimisation </h1>

<h2> Explains the structure of Code folder </h2>

# Heuristic Folder

-   This folder contains the code for heuristic approach based on the Minimum Volume Exclusion (MVE).
-   ⁠ Parameters ⁠ contains ⁠ parameters.h ⁠ which contains the values of parameters to be used by Heuristic solution.
-   ⁠ BottomLeftFillSolution.cpp ⁠ is the main file for this solution.
-   ⁠ BottomLeftFillSolution.h ⁠ contains the implementation of the actual *Heuristic Based* approach.
-   ⁠ RMQ.h ⁠ header file contains the implementation of Sparse Table which provides three queries (minQuery, maxQuery, sumQuery). This improves the running time of the solution.

# MIPS Folder

-   ⁠ MIPS_Solution.py ⁠ contains the code for Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) to satisfy dimensional and weight balance constraints for the packages. Google OR-Tools was employed to implement the Constraint Satisfaction Problem (CSP) algorithm.

# Model Folder

-   ⁠ package.h ⁠ contains the implementation of custom data type according to detials provided for each package.

-   ⁠ uld.h ⁠ contains the implementation of custom data type according to detials provided for each uld.

# Parser Folder

-   ⁠ parser.h ⁠ contains the implementation of parser which reads input from text file (⁠ input.txt ⁠) and fits it into containers of ⁠ PACKAGES ⁠ and ⁠ ULD ⁠ data types respectively.

# Solution Folder

-   ⁠ Solution.h ⁠ contains the implementation of custom data type made according to company's required output format.

# Validator Folder

-   ⁠ validator.cpp ⁠ contains the implementation of validate function which is used to cross check the constraints in output generated by the solution.

<div class="notecard note">
  <p><strong>Note:</strong> The details of execution are included in <strong>README</strong>.</p>
</div>